readme.md, before:

# BatAPI

A micro PHP API Skeleton that is as versatile as batman's arsenal.


## What does BatAPI mean?

It comes from Batman's world. Every tool in the batman arsenal was like "BatMobile", "BatComputer", "Batarang", "BatClaw", .. You get the idea.

## Description

BatAPI is a lightweight PHP skeleton designed to be flexible and convenient to use. 
It gives a basic PHP project structure to build JSON APIs blazingly fast.
BatAPI tries to get out of your way as much as possible, its sole purpose is to make you focus on the application logic not the scaffolding.

## Why not Laravel?

BatAPI is not, and will never be, a replacement for **Laravel** or any framework. BatAPI is not a framework. It's basically a way to make you build small APIs fast. APIs that using Laravel, or any framework, for would be an overkill.

## Requirements

- PHP 8.0 or higher

## Installation

You need to clone the project into a new folder which will be your final project.

## Huh?

"So you mean, I'll have the full source code of BatAPI as part of my project?"
- Yep. Exactly. You can directly edit the source code of BatAPI as part of your project and it's the intended way.

BatAPI will be a part of your project and will be submitted to source code. "But Why?" you might ask.

- I intend for BatAPI to be project-based. Similar to Python's venv. Each project has a separate installation of BatAPI.

"What about updated though?"

- Well, Updates are a bit tricky, yet simple. Since the entire application is included in the `App` directory, You can simply clone a fresh BatAPI version into a new folder and copy/paste your `App` directory from the old version to the new version.

"Isn't that dumb?"

- For larger "projects", BatAPI shouldn't be used in the first place. I'm trying to follow the simplest, most convenient, structure to keep BatAPI super simple for its intended use.

## What about updates?

I'm the sole developer of this project. It'll be updated as much as I have free time and fresh ideas.

## Contributions

Definitely are most welcome!

However, never try to turn BatAPI into a framework or something that is bigger than what the original intent of BatAPI is.

Commit message:

Add Validator class. Add common data type validation rules regex to the Validator class Accept dynamic params in routes definitions with specific data types. Update readme to include active development section.

readme.md, after:

# BatAPI

A micro PHP API Skeleton that is as versatile as batman's arsenal.


## What does BatAPI mean?

It comes from Batman's world. Every tool in the batman arsenal was like "BatMobile", "BatComputer", "Batarang", "BatClaw", .. You get the idea.****

## Description

BatAPI is a lightweight PHP skeleton designed to be flexible and convenient to use. 
It gives a basic PHP project structure to build JSON APIs blazingly fast.
BatAPI tries to get out of your way as much as possible, its sole purpose is to make you focus on the application logic not the scaffolding.

## Why not Laravel?

BatAPI is not, and will never be, a replacement for **Laravel** or any framework. BatAPI is not a framework. It's basically a way to make you build small APIs fast. APIs that using Laravel, or any framework, for would be an overkill.

## Requirements

- PHP 8.0 or higher

## Installation

You need to clone the project into a new folder which will be your final project.

## Huh?

"So you mean, I'll have the full source code of BatAPI as part of my project?"
- Yep. Exactly. You can directly edit the source code of BatAPI as part of your project and it's the intended way.

BatAPI will be a part of your project and will be submitted to source code. "But Why?" you might ask.

- I intend for BatAPI to be project-based. Similar to Python's venv. Each project has a separate installation of BatAPI.

"What about updated though?"

- Well, Updates are a bit tricky, yet simple. Since the entire application is included in the `App` directory, You can simply clone a fresh BatAPI version into a new folder and copy/paste your `App` directory from the old version to the new version.

"Isn't that dumb?"

- For larger "projects", BatAPI shouldn't be used in the first place. I'm trying to follow the simplest, most convenient, structure to keep BatAPI super simple for its intended use.


## Active development?
Definitely. I'm actively working on this project and will publish updates almost daily until it's mature enough for me to use personally. 

## Contributions

Definitely are most welcome!

However, never try to turn BatAPI into a framework or something that is bigger than what the original intent of BatAPI is.
